The Red Carpet Library (libredcarpet) provides package management
interfaces and associated functionality for RPM and DPKG based
systems.  This version is used by the Red Carpet Daemon (rcd).

ABOUT LIBREDCARPET
------------------
libredcarpet is the library that provides core functionality to the
Red Carpet Daemon.  libredcarpet provides a limited package manager
abstraction, a dependency resolver, and various structures and utility
functions for manipulating them.

Programs that use libredcarpet will run on systems with RPM, from
version 3.0.3 to 4.0.4, as well as Debian-based systems without
modification.  For the programmer, a common interface is provided to
work with both systems.  Additional package manager interfaces can be
added.

Most client programs will probably want to run against the Red Carpet
Daemon rather than linking directly to libredcarpet, as rcd provides
additional features, such as management of content sources, access
control, and so on.

DOCUMENTATION
-------------
At this point in time, there is no developer documentation for
libredcarpet.  Currently, the only available resources are the source
and header files, and rcd, as sample code.

BUILDING AND DEVELOPING
-----------------------
Building libredcarpet is tricky.  Please see the HACKING file for
build instructions.

We welcome contributors to libredcarpet.  Please see the HACKING file
for more info on contributing.

LIBREDCARPET PROGRAMS
---------------------
If you actually want to see libredcarpet do something, you probably
want to take a look at the Red Carpet Daemon.  Check out the "rcd"
module from GNOME CVS or wherever you got libredcarpet.
